Modify rule S3363: Add C# description (#1751)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3363/csharp/why.adoc

> Using a type `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` column as the primary key of a table is slightly risky. Two threads could create new objects in the table close enough in sequence for both to have the same time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the types `DateTime` or `DateTimeOffset` as the primary key of a table is risky. If consecutive entries are created by two different threads very close in time and their keys are based on the properties `Now` or `UtcNow` then there's the risk that the keys have the same value.
```
